RHIDP-6504: Modularize modules/dynamic-plugins/proc-topology-configure (#1065)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/dynamic-plugins/proc-entity-annotation-or-label.adoc

[id="proc-entity-annotation-or-label"]

= Entity annotation/label

> For RHDH to detect that an entity has Kubernetes components, add the following annotation to the entity's `catalog-info.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {product-very-short} to detect that an entity has Kubernetes components, add the following annotation to the `catalog-info.yaml` file of the entity:
```
https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives

[source,yaml]
----
annotations:
  backstage.io/kubernetes-id: <BACKSTAGE_ENTITY_NAME>
----

> The following label is added to the resources so that the Kubernetes plugin gets the Kubernetes resources from the requested entity, add the following label to the resources:

Reviewer: It looks like "add the following label" is repeated twice.
```suggestion
Add the following label to the resources so that the Kubernetes plugin gets the Kubernetes resources from the requested entity:
```
